How's the investigation going?
Responsible for gun lady DNA
The tester of the test report
Once handed over to Xu
Don't do it.
It means my guess is true
You find someone you can trust again
Check again yes
Take it easy
I just want to know about Jiaojiao in the orphanage
This is your labor fee.
Xuejiao and I are roommates in the same room
The cloud birthmark you mentioned
I've never seen it.
Oh, but the day before he was adopted
He broke his back shoulder and couldn't get wet.
Are you sure?
It was only the day before the adoption
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Hello Mr. Xu
The previous inspector was cancelled.
I recommissioned a testing room
Did a DNA comparison between you and a year
The report has been sent to your phone